[DPE-4225] README (#33)
canonical/opensearch-dashboards-operator: README.md

[![Docs](https://github.com/canonical/opensearch-dashboards-operator/actions/workflows/sync_docs.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/opensearch-dashboards-operator/actions/workflows/sync_docs.yaml)

[//]: # (<h1 align="center">)
[//]: # (  <a href="https://opensearch.org/">)
[//]: # (    <img src="https://opensearch.org/assets/brand/PNG/Logo/opensearch_logo_default.png" alt="OpenSearch" />)
[//]: # (  </a>)
[//]: # (  <br />)
[//]: # (</h1>)

# Description

[Opensearch Dashboards](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/) 
is a frontend application that lets you visualize data stored in an Opensearch
database. Charmed Opensearch Dashboard is the adaptation of the 
[Opensearch Dashboards](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/dashboards/) 
user interface to the [Juju](https://juju.is/) environment.

The charm supports access via:

 - HTTPS (typically for direct access)
 - HTTP (load-balancing) 

![Opensearch Dashboards](./docs/opensearch_dashboard.png)

# Usage

## Pre-requisites

### Juju

> Opensearch Dashboard is a Juju charm. Which means that an existing Juju environment is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opensearch Dashboard is a Juju charm. This means that an existing Juju environment is necessary.
```

Install and initialize the [LXD](https://canonical.com/lxd) 
lightweight container hypervisor and Juju from the [Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/store):

```
sudo snap install juju --classic --channel=3.1/stable
sudo snap install lxd
lxd init --auto
```
Then boostrap Juju over LXD:
```
juju bootstrap localhost
```

### Opensearch

> Opensearch Dashboards is visualizing an underlying Opensearch database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Dashboards visualizes an underlying OpenSearch database.
```

> Which means that a [Charmed Opensearch](https://charmhub.io/opensearch/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that a [Charmed Opensearch](https://charmhub.io/opensearch/)
```

```
and relate it to the Opensearch charm:
```
juju relate opensearch opensearch-dashboards-operator
```

## Testing interactive access

Functionality of the service can be tested by making an attempt to access the
portal either from the command-line or a web browser.

A few pieces of information are required to do this.

### URL

Construct the URL first.

The Dashboard front-end is exposed on port `5601`. Using `juju status` we can
retrieve the IP of each unit:

```
opensearch-dashboards/0*     active    idle   1        10.4.151.209              
```

Using the example, the Dashboard URL is `http://10.4.151.209:5601`.

### Authentication

There is a pre-defined user Opensearch dedicated to Opensearch Dashboards access
called `kibanaserver`. Even on an empty Charmed Opensearch database the `kibanaserver`
user will be present and available to test Dashboards connection.

The following command displays the current `kibanaserver` password.

```
juju run opensearch/0 get-password username=kibanaserver
```

### TLS encryption

Switching to TLS support for the Opensearch Dashboards charms goes identical to
how it goes for Opensearch.

Install the 

> [self-signed-certificats Operator](https://github.com/canonical/self-signed-certificates-operator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`self-signed-certificates` operator](https://github.com/canonical/self-signed-certificates-operator)
```

```
juju deploy self-signed-certificates --channel=latest/stable
```
and relate it to the Dashboards charm

```

> juju relate opensearch-dashboards self-sigend-certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
juju integrate opensearch-dashboards self-signed-certificates
```

```

## Accessing the Dashboard

> Now all we either open the URL in a browser, or access the Dashboard from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can either open the URL in a browser, or access the Dashboard from the command line.
```
